IGNITE-11404 Document CREATE TABLE "parallelism" option (#10001)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/sql-reference/ddl.adoc

** `AFFINITY_KEY=<affinity key column name>` - specifies an link:data-modeling/affinity-collocation[affinity key] name which is a column of the `PRIMARY KEY` constraint.
** `CACHE_NAME=<custom name of the new cache>` - the name of the underlying cache created by the command.
** `DATA_REGION=<existing data region name>` - name of the link:memory-configuration/data-regions[data region] where table entries should be stored. By default, Ignite stores all the data in a default region.

> ** `PARALLELISM=<number of SQL execution threads>` - SQL queries are executed in single thread by default on each node involved, but for AP style SQL, the performance of executing in multi thread mode is better, see link:perf-and-troubleshooting/sql-tuning#query-parallelism[Query Parallelism] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `PARALLELISM=<number of SQL execution threads>` - SQL queries are executed by a single thread on each node by default, but certain scenarios can benefit from multi-threaded execution, see link:perf-and-troubleshooting/sql-tuning#query-parallelism[Query Parallelism] for details.
```
